document job overrides (#132)
packit-service/packit.dev: content/docs/configuration.md

```

##### Overriding global parameters

> You are able to override your global parameters (such as `specfile_path`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override your global parameters (such as `specfile_path`,
```

> `downstream_package_name`, `actions`) for every job. This is very useful when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`downstream_package_name`, `actions`) for any job. This is very useful when
```

you want to set up a testing matrix using different parameters or
configuration. It's also useful when your release workflow differs between Fedora and EPEL.

> In order to do such a thing, just define key overrides in a root of a job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to do such a thing, just define `overrides` key in the root of a job
```

definition and override parameters you want.

Example:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml
```
